doc: Clarify the existence of client_os (#557)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/event-payloads/contexts.mdx

## OS Context

OS context under the default key `"os"` describes the operating system on which
the crash happened/the event was created.

The `type` and default key is `"os"`. However, since contexts can be set
multiple times under different keys, there has historically been a lot of
confusion about which OS context represents what. So here's some examples:

> * In events reported from a Python/ASPNET/Rails web backend, the OS context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In events reported from a Python/ASP.NET/Rails web backend, the OS context
```

  under the default key `"os"` is the server's operating system, and is set by
  the SDK (if at all).

  Additionally, the Sentry server will attempt to parse the `User-Agent` header
  from the event's [Request Interface](/sdk/event-payloads/request/) and create a _secondary_ OS
  context under the non-default key `"client_os"`.

* In events reported from a JS web frontend, the SDK typically reports no OS
  context.

  The server however knows by looking at the platform (`"javascript"`) that the
  incoming User-Agent can only come from the crashing device, and creates the
  User-Agent based OS context under the default key `"os"`.

To summarize:

> * `"os"` key for the crashing device's OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"os"` key for the device generating the event.
```

> * `"client_os"` key for an adjacent client device's OS (that is _not_ the
>   crashing device) if it's important. The Sentry server sets this as part of
>   User-Agent parsing, but SDKs can set this too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"client_os"` key for an adjacent client device's OS (that is _not_ the
  device creating the Sentry event instance) if it's important. The Sentry server sets this as part of
  User-Agent parsing, but SDKs can set this directly too.
```
